README.md, before:

# Landing-Page

This is the **Landing page** of the [DXdao](dxdao.eth.link).

## Technical Description

The Landing-Page is written in javascript and typescrypt, it uses ReactJS and Webapack.

## Install
Install dependencies with the following command:
```
yarn
```
    
## Test
No front-end tests at the moment. (Jest is included for testing React components), run tests with the following command:
```
yarn test
```

## Formatting and Linting
- Husky will automatically format files, using prettier + tslist, before git commits.
- Manually execute formatting on staged files with ```yarn lint-staged```
- Formatting tools can be installed for many editors for issue highlighting and features such as format on save
    - [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html)
    - [Tslint / Eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/integrations)

### Local Development

 - Execute `yarn dev` , this will start the site in http//:localhost:3000
    
## Deployment

To make the build of the dapp use the command `yarn run build`. It will create production build that can be hosted anywhere. We host and support the builds in IPFS and Swarm networks.

### IPFS

Follow the installation instructions here https://docs-beta.ipfs.io/how-to/command-line-quick-start/#install-ipfs.

Executables for ipfs-update can be downloaded from https://dist.ipfs.io/#ipfs-update.

The build can be upload to ipfs with the following command:
```
ipfs add -r build
```

Commit message:

Updated Codebase projects & ipfs-deploy command

README.md, after:

# Landing-Page

This is the **Landing page** of the [DXdao](dxdao.eth.link).

## Technical Description

The Landing-Page is written in javascript and typescrypt, it uses ReactJS and Webpack.

## Install
Install dependencies with the following command:
```
yarn
```
    
## Test
No front-end tests at the moment. (Jest is included for testing React components), run tests with the following command:
```
yarn test
```

## Formatting and Linting
- Husky will automatically format files, using prettier + tslist, before git commits.
- Manually execute formatting on staged files with ```yarn lint-staged```
- Formatting tools can be installed for many editors for issue highlighting and features such as format on save
    - [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/editors.html)
    - [Tslint / Eslint](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/integrations)

### Local Development

 - Execute `yarn dev` , this will start the site in http//:localhost:3000
    
## Deployment

To make the build of the dapp use the command `yarn run build`. It will create production build that can be hosted anywhere. We host and support the builds in IPFS and Swarm networks.

### IPFS

The fastest way to deploy the landingpage on ipfs is through Pinata. Make sure you added your Pinata API KEY and SECRET API KEY in the .env file and run the following command:

```
yarn ipfs-deploy
```

Alternativly you can follow the installation instructions here https://docs-beta.ipfs.io/how-to/command-line-quick-start/#install-ipfs.

Executables for ipfs-update can be downloaded from https://dist.ipfs.io/#ipfs-update.

The build can be upload to ipfs with the following command:
```
ipfs add -r build
```
